2017.2:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 3)
 * No changes

2017.1:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 3)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed the ADC conversion rate calculation.

2016.4:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 2)
 * General: VREFP register value updated.

2016.3:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 1)
 * Bug Fix: Updated the voltage alarm ranges.
 * Other: Added support for Spartan7 devices.

2016.2:
 * Version 3.3
 * No changes

2016.1:
 * Version 3.3
 * Added DDR3 voltage levels for VCCDDRO Alarm.
 * Enabled ADC Offset and Gain Calibration and the Sensor Offset and Gain Calibration enabled by default.

2015.4.2:
 * Version 3.2
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 3.2
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 3.2
 * No changes

2015.3:
 * Version 3.2
 * Corrected the Alarm limits for VCCINT and VCCBRAM for -1L speedgrade devices.
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances
 * IP delivers only Verilog example design files.

2015.2.1:
 * Version 3.1
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 3.1
 * Corrected the Alarm limits for VCCINT and VCCBRAM for -2L speedgrade devices.

2015.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 7)
 * GUI Updates, no functional changes

2014.4.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 6)
 * No changes

2014.4:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 6)
 * Internal device family change, no functional changes

2014.3:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 5)
 * Added EXTERNAL_MUXADDR_ENABLE parameter to enable MUXADDR used for Dynamic Configuration for external mux mode
 * SIN, TRIANGLE and SQUARE stimulus generation in the range 0.1 KHz to 96 KHz. CSV file format to txt file conversion for simulation.

2014.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 4)
 * Fixed issue with VCCBRAM channel enablement in INIT_48 for sequencer mode

2014.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 3)
 * Internal device family name change, no functional changes
 * Corrected GUI enablement option in Default sequencer mode

2013.4:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2013.3:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Updated AXI4 Streaming FIFO depth from [1:1017] to [7:1020]
 * Added check to disable invalid Vauxp/Vauxn pairs for x*7z010clg225 Zynq device
 * Defined Vp/Vn and Vauxp/Vauxn as bus interfaces, no functional change
 * Added option in GUI to provide relative path for sim file, no functional change
 * Added a summary tab in the GUI, no functional change
 * Added support for Cadence IES and Synopsys VCS simulators
 * Reduced warnings in synthesis and simulation
 * Enhanced support for IP Integrator

2013.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Fixed CRITICAL WARNING for clock constraints on DCLK
 * Updated Life-Cycle status of devices

2013.1:
 * Version 3.0
 * Lower case ports for Verilog
 * Added AXI4STREAM interface support

(c) Copyright 2011 - 2017 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
